add metrics reporting (#126)
tigergraph/server-docs: modules/system-management/pages/management-commands.adoc

ZK     : /home/tigergraph/tigergraph/log/zk/zookeeper.log
----

=== gadmin metric

> This command reports information on resource consumption on a cluster or select nodes in a cluster, including CPU usage, memory usage, diskspace usage, and network usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command reports information about resource consumption on a cluster or select nodes in a cluster, including CPU usage, memory usage, disk space usage, and network usage.
```
